Feat  user guide revision (#80)
ImperialCollegeLondon/icl-rcs-user-guide: docs/hpc/hx1.md

# HX1

> The HX1 system, occasionally called Hex for short, is the High Performance Computing Cluster at Imperial with a low latency Infiniband network designed for "capability" workloads. It is useful for running three types of applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HX1, or HEX-HPC, is the High Performance Computing Cluster at Imperial with a low latency Infiniband network designed for "capability" workloads. It is useful for running three types of applications:
```

>    1. Multi-node workloads, typically requiring many parallelised CPUs communicating via MPIs.

Reviewer: I think I prefer the previous wording for 1 and 2 (although I prefer the numbering), but it would be good to run this past the team on a technical basis to check which is correct.

   2. GPU accelerated workloads that require double precision.
   3. GPU accelerated workloads requiring more than 48GB of GPU RAM.

> For all other workloads, we ask you to use the CX3 service. This restriction is in place to ensure the efficient running of the HX1 facility for those users wishing to run large scale workloads. Moreover, for some for AI/ML workloads it may be better to work on the CX3 nodes fitted with the L40s GPUs due to the newer, faster architecture (Ada Lovelace) than what HX1 offers. If you are in any doubt whether your job is suited to HX1, you can [contact the RCS team](../support/index.md) via a support ticket or another channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all other workloads, we ask you to use the CX3 service. This restriction is in place to ensure the efficient running of the HX1 facility for those users wishing to run large scale workloads. Moreover, for batch AI/ML workloads the CX3 nodes fitted with the L40s GPUs are faster, in most cases, due to the newer, faster architecture (Ada Lovelace) in comparison to the A100 GPUs that HX1 offers. If you are in any doubt whether your job is suited to HX1, please [contact the RCS team](../support/index.md) via a support ticket.
```

## Cluster Specification

Please go to the [HX1 section of our cluster specification page](./cluster-specification.md#hx1) for details of HX1's hardware.

## Access

> All users must already have access to the RCS HPC service before applying for access to HX1. You gain access to our general RCS HPC services via the [Get Access](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/admin-services/ict/self-service/research-support/rcs/get-access/) page for more information. Once you have general access, you can then apply for access to HX1 specifically using a [ServiceDesk Ask form](https://servicemgt.service-now.com/ask?id=sc_cat_item&sys_id=cbf5a4281b9c79101533a8a4bd4bcbea&sysparm_category=52a4a8f21be62110557837b5464bcbd24) and you will receive a response as soon as possible. Because HX1 is a specialised HPC service, all applicants must be able to demonstrate experience with HPC clusters. The access request process takes time, so be sure to make your request well in advance of when you actually require access to the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access to HX1 is only available for users that already have access to the general RCS HPC services. Access to RCS HPC services and more information is available on the [Get Access](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/admin-services/ict/self-service/research-support/rcs/get-access/) page. Once this is approved, you can apply for access to HX1 using a [ServiceDesk Ask form](https://servicemgt.service-now.com/ask?id=sc_cat_item&sys_id=cbf5a4281b9c79101533a8a4bd4bcbea&sysparm_category=52a4a8f21be62110557837b5464bcbd24). 

HX1 is a specialised HPC service, therefore, all applicants must be able to demonstrate sufficient experience with HPC clusters. The access request process can take time, so please bear this in mind when planning your work.
```
I would be inclined to include the last paragraph in an info box, as was previously in place
